subscribe to racing UK on YouTube for
more group of racers and they're often
racy but the stores evil top skipped a
little bit of time to find his stride
roms Daly's moving on at a decent gallop
early on snow sky and postponed are
either side off the leader Madame Chiang
settles in fourth place in fifth is
Dylan mouth and held up towards the back
of the field early on Eagle top and
clever cookie so it's wrong stout proven
over further who leads that past the
10th Earl on point early on has phoned
in second place of snow Skytrax the
leaders in third Madame Chiang in the
white jacket is in 4th place just ahead
of Dillard mouth held on to early Eagle
top in the maroon comers and clever
cookie at the tail of the field as they
swing right-handed and swiftly bottom
out in front ROM star sitting and even
gallop for birdie and Buick postponed is
in second place one off the rail with
snow sky towards the inside did the
mouth moves past Madame Chiang their
fourth and fifth moving off the rails
their Eagle top that's going to pull us
clever cookie just to cover a little bit
of drown their Eagle top regulatory just
going one off and early on for Emily
just don't good job clever cookie
as they make their way past the seven
rom step out in front of now it's a
climb up hill phone first opening second
snows guide their fourth place the
outside Dylan mouth being tracked
through by madam chair there behind the
Eagle top runs down just filling the
tanks tightly claimer cookies still just
have to be human along here has done two
or three legs off the back end is trying
to lure in the sadness or out in front
promise now is dictated William Buick in
a nice rhythm passing the five by half a
length from postponed and snow sky then
behind these towards the outside Dylan
mouth event madam chair Frankie Natori
still sitting okay on Eagle top clever
cookies still just being worked on at
the back of the field so turning for
home its roms Dow who leads the King
George filled in from postponed snow sky
Dylan math Madame Chiang behind these
Eagle top Weber cookie is just
struggling still to go the Gallup and
time's running out for clever cookie as
they turn in and now worthy of Furyk
tips in the front dog Robb Stowell
covered everything second if there's no
fan triads they'd be dead snow
guy regulatory he goes up to do on the
app
but it's trying to fight off struggling
with Zumba
smacks guy in
King George
different spoon in the judgment lien
a judge for the King George
subscribe to racing UK on YouTube for
more group of racers